Use the attached CLEAN frame as the same 3D scene. Preserve object identity, materials, scale relationships and light direction. Create the planned final spatial state, including the final camera perspective; the composition may evolve through the same scene.
The same lid lifted above the matching rim
Use this structured explanation contract as the identity and action source of truth. Entity IDs are production references, never visible text. Preserve recognizable product form, before/action/after relations and target identities. Beat progress is planned position in the eight-second shot, not measured tracking. CLEAN establishes the objects without graphics; INFO includes the finished explanatory graphics and exact annotation labels. Motion connects those two states with the same target identities. Do not add subtitles to the image: the app adds spoken captions separately.
<explanation-plan>
{"id":"lid_structure","productForm":"손에 쥘 수 있는 원통형 컵과 납작한 뚜껑","entities":[{"id":"cup","name":"컵","representation":"product","appearance":"아이보리 원통형 컵"},{"id":"lid","name":"뚜껑","representation":"component","appearance":"짙은 올리브색 뚜껑"}],"beats":[{"id":"lift_lid","targetIds":["cup","lid"],"startProgress":0.1,"endProgress":0.85,"before":"뚜껑이 컵 위에 닫혀 있다.","action":"뚜껑이 올라가며 맞물린 가장자리를 드러낸다.","after":"컵과 뚜껑의 가장자리가 같은 시점에서 보인다.","narrationCue":"뚜껑을 열면","viewerTakeaway":"어떤 부분이 서로 맞물리는지 이해한다."}],"annotations":[{"targetId":"lid","beatId":"lift_lid","label":"뚜껑","kind":"pointer","motionIntent":"뚜껑 가장자리의 같은 지점을 따라가며 가리킨다."}]}
</explanation-plan>
Final camera perspective: Orbit a quarter turn around the bottle and hold a steady close-up
Show these explanatory objects and transformations in their final state:
1) Lift the lid
2) Hold with both rims visible
Make the relationship physically visible through a justified cutaway, exploded separation, side-by-side material comparison or guided flow, according to the supplied plan. Objects occupy real depth and occlude one another correctly. Do not substitute floating checkmarks, highlight rings or empty UI cards for the explanation. Do not invent ingredients, ratios or physiology.
Every part retains the same identity and appearance as in CLEAN. Show the final understood relation without inventing extra objects. A cutaway preserves the product silhouette and locates its actual contents; a composition diagram must not suggest unsupported physical separation of a mixture.
Visual system: warm ivory background, dark olive structural forms, and one restrained warm-gold accent. Preserve realistic material shading and depth; no cyan, pink, neon glow, rainbow accents or black presentation-slide backgrounds.
Keep the explanatory objects and their transformation within the middle 20–65% of frame height, leaving clear space above and below for app-composited text. Vertical 9:16.
Render exactly these completed labels, spelled as supplied: ["뚜껑"]. Put each label beside its named target with the planned leader line, arrow or measurement mark. Preserve correct depth and readable contrast without hiding the product. No other words, subtitles, invented quantities, logos or headings. This is the finished infographic image, not a placeholder for later labels.