Start exactly on the first CLEAN frame and finish on the last INFO frame. Animate a continuous dimensional explanation in the same physical scene, not a still image with decorative overlays.
0–3s: Clip I1: start wide at the kitchen doorway, dolly in toward the woman, settle on a medium shot. Scene: She turns from the window and reaches for the amber bottle on the table. 3–5.5s: Continue the dolly past her shoulder to the bottle, settle on a close-up of the label. Scene: Her hand lifts the bottle and tilts the cream label toward the lens. 5.5–8s: Orbit a quarter turn around the bottle and hold a steady close-up. Scene: One capsule rolls out into her open palm.
Use this structured explanation contract as the identity and action source of truth. Entity IDs are production references, never visible text. Preserve recognizable product form, before/action/after relations and target identities. Beat progress is planned position in the eight-second shot, not measured tracking. CLEAN establishes the objects without graphics; INFO includes the finished explanatory graphics and exact annotation labels. Motion connects those two states with the same target identities. Do not add subtitles to the image: the app adds spoken captions separately.
<explanation-plan>
{"id":"lid_structure","productForm":"손에 쥘 수 있는 원통형 컵과 납작한 뚜껑","entities":[{"id":"cup","name":"컵","representation":"product","appearance":"아이보리 원통형 컵"},{"id":"lid","name":"뚜껑","representation":"component","appearance":"짙은 올리브색 뚜껑"}],"beats":[{"id":"lift_lid","targetIds":["cup","lid"],"startProgress":0.1,"endProgress":0.85,"before":"뚜껑이 컵 위에 닫혀 있다.","action":"뚜껑이 올라가며 맞물린 가장자리를 드러낸다.","after":"컵과 뚜껑의 가장자리가 같은 시점에서 보인다.","narrationCue":"뚜껑을 열면","viewerTakeaway":"어떤 부분이 서로 맞물리는지 이해한다."}],"annotations":[{"targetId":"lid","beatId":"lift_lid","label":"뚜껑","kind":"pointer","motionIntent":"뚜껑 가장자리의 같은 지점을 따라가며 가리킨다."}]}
</explanation-plan>
Animate these stages in order: 1) Lift the lid 2) Hold with both rims visible
The planned objects visibly separate, reveal their structure, travel along a path or settle into a comparison. Move the camera only when tracking, orbiting or approaching reveals the relationship with parallax; otherwise hold a readable viewpoint. Coordinate any camera motion with each transformation; keep the main action understandable and settle on each result before moving on. No cuts, static zoom, slideshow or cross-fade-only transition.
Preserve the product, material identities and lighting. Only the objects and transformations described in the plan may appear; no invented ingredients, medical anatomy or physiological outcomes.
Follow the explanation beats in chronological progress order. Each change ends in its stated after state and remains visible long enough to understand. Keep the same target identifiable while the camera moves; no extra rolling orb, ejecting contents, decorative mechanical opening or unplanned jump between identities.
Visual system: warm ivory background, dark olive structural forms, and one restrained warm-gold accent. Preserve realistic material shading and depth; no cyan, pink, neon glow, rainbow accents or black presentation-slide backgrounds.
Keep the explanatory objects and their transformation within the middle 20–65% of frame height, leaving clear space above and below for app-composited text. Vertical 9:16.
Preserve the final INFO image's exact infographic labels: ["뚜껑"]. Reveal each completed label and its leader/arrow at the relevant beat; never generate letters one by one. Keep the same line endpoint on the same named target during movement. Never detach a label onto the wrong component, distort its spelling or invent additional text. If motion compromises readability, hold the labeled target while the explanation settles. End exactly on the supplied complete INFO image. No spoken subtitles in the footage.
Eight seconds. No speech, dialogue or lip sync.